hey everyone it's Ruby and welcome back
to my channel I've decided to recreate
this 90s inspired makeup look that Kylie
Jenner has been rocking it's so simple
to do that you're going to probably end
up wearing this as your daily makeup
look so let's get started start by using
a primer a primer will help the
longevity of your base makeup and will
also help fill in pause for foundation
I'm going to use L'Oreal true match
foundation and enter to create a
flawless natural-looking base and I'm
going to be using my Sigma f80 2 round
kabuki to blend the product out and I'm
also bringing this down onto my neck as
well my eyebrows can sometimes be
foundation collectors so I'm using some
makeup remover on a cotton tip to remove
this light cast over my eyebrows I'm
using a double-ended brush with a
spoolie by sigma2 grew my eyebrows into
place using my aqua brow by makeup
forever
I'm going to be using the brush end to
slightly fill in the sparse areas of my
brows and now we're on to creating Kylie
Jenner's eye makeup look use an eye
primer to help eyes shadow staples also
helps your eyeshadows look vibrant for
much longer the first eye shadow color
that we're using is Blanc type from Mac
and then placing this underneath my
brows and also on my lids using a flat
shader brush to define the crease and to
false to add a transition color through
the socket I'm going to be using wedge
by Mac on a fluffy brush and I'm just
going to be running this back and forth
you want your transition color to slowly
disappear into the brow bone highlight
and if you need to use a larger fluffier
brush to make sure you diffuse
everything really well I'm mixing a
darker eyeshadow color with wedge to
intensify my eye look and to create more
definition on the outer corner here I'm
using circular motions to blend the
product through the crease and also onto
the lid
for our lower lid area I'm going to
mixing expresso and wedge together once
again and using a smaller brush I'm just
going to run this along my lower lash
line I'm now going to take a pencil
brush and diffuse the color out slightly
leaving the inner tear duct area there
to create Kylie's wing we're going to
need a gel liner I'm using Mary Kay's
gel liner along with a Maksim setec
angled brush with the liner and angled
brush I'm starting off by drawing a
standard line from the center of my lid
you want the line to gradually get
thicker as you reach the outer corners
of your eyes use your angled brush and
your lower lash line as a guide to draw
and connect your wing with whatever is
left on your brush use this to define
the outer corner of your lower lash line
just slightly Kylie has big beautiful
eyes so we want to curl our lashes to
ensure that this opens up our eyes
applying a white or flesh tone eye liner
through the waterline also helps to open
up the eyes even further now what I'm
going to be doing is creating a little
bit of definition and warmth by using a
cream foundation that I use as a contour
I'm just going to be contouring the
temples my cheekbones and also down my
chin just to thin it out a little
because Kylie Jenner does have a smaller
chin compared to me and I'm also going
to be defining my nose and making it a
lot slender a lot shorter by just
contouring the edges and also the tip of
my nose and just blending it out from
her recent images I can tell that Kylie
likes lashes that are long and fluttery
so I'm going to be using two different
mascaras to help lengthen both my top
and lower lashes I'm applying coats and
coats of my big lash mascara bioessence
and for my lower lash line I'm going to
be using my bottom lash mascara by
clinic
a great tip is to keep this fully at
hand just in case your eyelashes clump
together you can always use your spoolie
to separate them moving on to the lips
all I'm doing is blotting off the lip
balm that I had on and then going to
move on to lining my lips using my
cappuccino lip pencil by Rimmel London
and I'm just gonna start off by lining
the outside of my lips and then just
filling in the outer corners I'm also
going to be using my little finger to
spread the color all over my lips and to
also soften the line on the outer edges
to achieve Kylie's nudish Brown lip
color I'm using Mary Kay's lip liner in
soft blush and going over my entire lip
to complete this first look I'm going to
be mixing a blush and also a bronzer
color by Estee Lauder and I'm going to
be placing this on the back of my cheeks
just above where we applied our contour
I'm also going to highlight my face very
quickly and I'm going to be applying the
highlighter in areas that makes it look
like we've applied war paint so
underneath the eyes I'm in between my
eyebrows around my mouth and also it
might Cupid's bow to blend that all out
I'm going to be using my airbrush
concealer brush my models prefer to buff
and blend this all out to get Kylie's
signature mouth look I'm going to be
using a mobile ipsec by Avon to create a
slight stain over the lips I'm using my
finger to transfer my lip color from the
lipstick head and onto my lips using
patting motions start by patting the
color towards the center of your lips
and then moving outwards to the outer
corners
I hope you've kept your lip liner close
by because we're going to need it to
redefine the shape of our lips I'm using
a light hand and feathery strokes to
create definition and also some fullness
to my lips to mimic Kylie's full pout
once again soften the edges up by using
your fingers now that we finally finish
with our second lip variation I'm going
to be applying some highlighter to the
tops of my cheekbones here I'm using
mary lou manizer by the balm and this is
a finished look I hope that you enjoyed
my Kylie Jenner inspired makeup look
with two lip variations for a full list
of products pleases in my blog at Reba
Kalani comm and I have a direct link in
the description box down below thank you
so much for watching guys I hope that
you subscribe to my channel for more
videos with me I will see you all in my
next video bye guys